README.md, before:

![Web Developer Roadmap](http://i.imgur.com/GyvcunJ.png)

> Roadmap to becoming a web developer in 2017

Below you find a set of charts demonstrating the paths that you can take and the technologies that you would want to adopt in order to become a frontend, backend or a devops. I made these charts for an old professor of mine who wanted something to share with his college students to give them a perspective.

If you think that these can be improved in anyway, please do suggest.


***

<p align="center"><b> Want to learn something new?</b><br>Visit <a href="http://hugobots.com">Hugobots</a> where I teach people</p>

***

## 🚀 Introduction

![](https://i.imgur.com/Rt1oLlM.png)

## 🎨 Frontend Roadmap

![](https://i.imgur.com/2advM9W.png)

## 👽 Backend Roadmap

For the backend, personally I would prefer Node JS and PHP-7 for the full time plus I have been experimenting lately with Go and I quite like it. Apart from these, if I have to choose another one, I would go for Ruby. However this is just my personal preference, you can choose any of the shown languages and you will be good.

![](https://i.imgur.com/bAmwJMr.png)

## 👷 DevOps Roadmap

![](https://i.imgur.com/eP0V4jY.png)

<br>

## 🚦 Wrap Up

If you think any of the roadmaps can be improved, please do open a PR with any updates and submit any issues. Also, I will continue to improve this, so you might want to watch/star this repository to revisit.

## ☑ TODO

- [X] Add Frontend Roadmap
- [X] Add Backend Roadmap
- [X] Add DevOps Roadmap
- [ ] Add relevant resources for each

## 👬 Contribution

The roadmaps are built using [Balsamiq](https://balsamiq.com/products/mockups/). Project file can be found at `/ROADMAPS.bmpr`, open it in balsamiq, do the necessary modifications, export the diagrams as PNG files, put them in the Readme at relevant places and create a PR.

- Open pull request with improvements
- Discuss ideas in issues
- Spread the word
- Reach out to me directly at kamranahmed.se@gmail.com or on twitter [@kamranahmedse](http://twitter.com/kamranahmedse)

## Licence

[![License: CC BY 4.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY%204.0-lightgrey.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)

Commit message:

Move roadmap files and contribution instructions

README.md, after:

![Web Developer Roadmap](http://i.imgur.com/GyvcunJ.png)

> Roadmap to becoming a web developer in 2017

Below you find a set of charts demonstrating the paths that you can take and the technologies that you would want to adopt in order to become a frontend, backend or a devops. I made these charts for an old professor of mine who wanted something to share with his college students to give them a perspective.

If you think that these can be improved in anyway, please do suggest.


***

<p align="center"><b> Want to learn something new?</b><br>Visit <a href="http://hugobots.com">Hugobots</a> where I teach people</p>

***

## 🚀 Introduction

![](https://i.imgur.com/Rt1oLlM.png)

## 🎨 Frontend Roadmap

![](https://i.imgur.com/2advM9W.png)

## 👽 Backend Roadmap

For the backend, personally I would prefer Node JS and PHP-7 for the full time plus I have been experimenting lately with Go and I quite like it. Apart from these, if I have to choose another one, I would go for Ruby. However this is just my personal preference, you can choose any of the shown languages and you will be good.

![](https://i.imgur.com/bAmwJMr.png)

## 👷 DevOps Roadmap

![](https://i.imgur.com/eP0V4jY.png)

<br>

## 🚦 Wrap Up

If you think any of the roadmaps can be improved, please do open a PR with any updates and submit any issues. Also, I will continue to improve this, so you might want to watch/star this repository to revisit.

## ☑ TODO

- [X] Add Frontend Roadmap
- [X] Add Backend Roadmap
- [X] Add DevOps Roadmap
- [ ] Add relevant resources for each

## 👬 Contribution

The roadmaps are built using [Balsamiq](https://balsamiq.com/products/mockups/). Project file can be found at `/project-files` directory. To modify any of the roadmaps, open Balsamiq, click **project > import > Mokup JSON**, it will open the roadmap for you, update it, upload and update the images in readme and create a PR.

- Open pull request with improvements
- Discuss ideas in issues
- Spread the word
- Reach out to me directly at kamranahmed.se@gmail.com or on twitter [@kamranahmedse](http://twitter.com/kamranahmedse)

## Licence

[![License: CC BY 4.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY%204.0-lightgrey.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)
